Overall Report
This project started with an initial literature review about Schizophrenia and associated psychotic conditions. Along with research about existing Antipsychotics in the market and then types.
Then the target protein 5-HT2A was identified. From above research.
ChEMBL was used to identify known Bioactive ligands for the target based on IC50.
The acquired dataset was cleaned and processed using a previously used KNIME pathway.
2D and 3D descriptors were found for the molecules using RDKit.
Then 3 QSAR models where build using SVM, RandomForests and XGBoost.
Certain criteria were used to test the models and it was identified that XGBooost was the best model.
Then this XGBoost model was used to identify the the top 10 best ligands.
For docking P2RANK was used to identify one of the best binding site on the target protein.
Molecular Docking was done using SwissDock (AutoDock Vina) on the particular binding site.  
ChimeraX was used to visualise the docked complexes and there specific binding affinities were noted.
Top 3 best leads (4 if including already existing drug) were considered based on bonding affinity.
Finally SwissADME was used to analyse the results.



SwissADME Conclusion
Here is the full analysis of the top leads. We will consider the 1st, 3rd and 4th molecules as potential drugs since 2 already exists. Now we can check for a few things here Pharmacokinetics. All the 3 models the have high GI absorption. Along with an even number of “yes” for all other criteria with. Molecule 1 seems to have the highest skin permeability (logKp)

All the ligands obey the Lipinski Rule with 0 violations. All molecules have a Bioavailability score of  0.55 which is considered optimal for good oral absorption.

For Medicinal Chemistry all molecules do not flag PAINS and Brenk. But non of them satisfy leadlikeliness as all of the molecules have MW>350 and XLOGP3>3.5. Molecule 4 has the best Synthetic accessibility of 2.78 (lower the better I.e easier to create) with molecules 1 and 3 having slightly higher values.

Over all I think molecules 1 and 4 could prove as potential Antipsychotic Drugs with the proper optimisation and wet lab study, there is also literature available on these ligands that proves the same.   

The ChEMBL Ids for the best ligands are:
Molecule 1 - CHEMBL5618291 
Cl.c1ccc2c(c1)nnn2CCCCN1CCN(c2nsc3ccccc23)CC1

Molecule 4 - CHEMBL602874
COc1ccc(NC(=O)Nc2cccc(Cl)c2)cc1-c1c(Br)cnn1C
